Fixing GS guide and links (#2186)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/documentation.md

* [Declaring properties](configs-and-properties)
* [`dbt docs` command](cmd-docs)
* [`doc` Jinja function](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions)

> * If you're new to dbt, we recommend that you check out our [Getting Started Tutorial](/docs/get-started/getting-started/set-up-dbt-cloud) to build your first dbt project, complete with documentation.

Reviewer: Why does this one point to the Cloud page? 
```suggestion
* If you're new to dbt, we recommend that you check out our [Getting Started Tutorial](/docs/get-started/getting-started/overview) to build your first dbt project, complete with documentation.
```
